Add a `print` subcommand (#140)
nedbat/scriv: docs/commands.rst

.. _pandoc: https://pandoc.org/

scriv github-release
====================

.. [[[cog show_help("print") ]]]

.. code::

    $ scriv print --help
    Usage: scriv print [OPTIONS]

      Print collected fragments, or print an entry from the changelog.

    Options:
      --version TEXT       The version of the changelog entry to extract.
      --output PATH        The path to a file to write the output to.
      -v, --verbosity LVL  Either CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFO or DEBUG
      --help               Show this message and exit.
.. [[[end]]] (checksum: f652a3470da5f726b13ba076471b2444)

> The ``print`` command writes a changelog entry to STDOUT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``print`` command writes a changelog entry to standard out.
```
